And so it was decided and Owl was called for. Owl fussed here and fussed there and used up a good deal of time, paper and ink but at last it was done and everyone admired it.Kanga, who knew how important presentation was, especially for Queens, took the hum, rolled it and tied a thick vine around it. Into the  vine  she  twisted  wild  heather,  columbine,  buttercups,  meadow  sweet, thyme and lastly a thistle, kindly donated by Eeyore.Christopher  Robin  also  found  a  beautiful,  bright  red  balloon,  which he thought The Queen might enjoy on grey days.“Piglet, you should hold it,” he said. “That way we won’t lose you in the crowd.”Piglet  held  on  very  tightly  to  the  balloon.  He  wasn’t  quite  sure  what a crowd was, something like a dark cloud perhaps, but in any case  he  didn’t  want  to  get  lost  in  it  and  was  pleased  the  balloon  would help.So,  the  presents  were  ready  and,  side-by-side,  Winnie-the-Pooh  (Edward Bear, Bear of Very Little Brain, Brave Adventurer and Loyal Friend), his small companion Piglet, Eeyore and Christopher Robin set off for London.“Of course, London is on quite the other side,” remarked Christopher Robin as they were walking.“Of the sea?” asked Pooh, somewhat alarmed.“Not  the  sea,  I  shouldn’t  think,”  replied  Christopher  Robin,  whose  Geography  lessons  so  far  had  been  mostly  spent  colouring  in  edgy  bits.  “But  certainly  the  country  or  county.  I’m  not  quite  sure which. In any case, it is very far off and we shall have to catch a train.”“I do hope it wants to be caught,” said Pooh, who was already a little out of puff from the walk.But the train was good enough to stop for them in the station so there was no catching to be done at all and there was plenty of time to climb aboard and find four comfy seats and then they were off!“Would  you  be  so  kind  as  to  stay  very  close  by?”  asked  an  anxious  Piglet as they got off the train at Victoria Station. He hadn’t expected London to have quite so many legs. There  were  pin-striped  legs,  big-booted  legs  and  some  legs  balanced on pointy shoes, which seemed to have a little stick stuck to the bottom of each sole. And they were all in a terrible rush and seemed to know exactly where they were going. Christopher Robin, Pooh, Piglet and Eeyore launched themselves into this vast forest of legs and hoped they’d come out alright.They  emerged  into  a  busy  street.  Christopher  Robin  told  them  that the large, black vehicles rushing past were called Traffic.Pooh  thought  that  Traffic  looked  like  giant,  shiny  beetles  and  thinking of them as beetles made it less worrying. The  friends  walked  and  they  walked.  But  Eeyore’s  sighs,  that  had  started  out  as  small  puffs,  were  now  growing  so  large  and  loud  that  they  were  worried  he  would  run  out  of  puff  altogether,  and  Winnie-the-Pooh’s  legs  were  known  for  their  stoutness,  not  their  brisk  walking  and  Piglet’s  legs  were  so  short  that  they  were  hardly  worth  speaking  of  at  all,  so  Christopher  Robin  suggested  they  ride  on a bus the rest of the way to Buckingham Palace. “Most  considerate,  I’m  sure,”  sighed  Eeyore,  although  slightly  less puffily this time.The friends had never been on a bus before and this was a most unusual one. It had winding stairs and up at the top there was no roof at all. As the bus began to move the wind did its best to blow Piglet’s ears right off and he nearly lost hold of the balloon.“We’ll call this the Blustery Bus,” laughed Christopher Robin.The bus took the friends past a great many important buildings and Christopher Robin didn’t know all the names. There was one very grand old shop which Pooh found strangely familiar but he told himself he was being silly as this was surely his first visit to London.At  the  next  stop  they  were  able  to  get  out  and  stretch  their  legs  a little.“This  is  Trafalgar  Square,”  said  the  driver.  “Look  out  for  the  lions.”“Lions!”  gasped  Piglet  in  some  alarm.  And  there  were  indeed  lions but thankfully not the furry ones with hot breath and hungry eyes  that  they  were  imagining.  These  lions  were  cold  and  majestic  and  their  backs  were  shiny  from  where  many  people  had  sat  upon  them.“Oh,  how  I’d  love  to  have  a  lion,”  Christopher  Robin  sighed.  But  Pooh  thought  that  bears  were  best  and  pulled  Christopher  Robin back to the bus.The tour then took them past an enormous clock in a high up tower. Christopher  Robin  told  them  that  this  clock’s  largest  bell  was  called  Big Ben.“I feel sure,” said Pooh, “that with this clock I could really learn to tell the time. With smaller clocks I do try to tell it, but it just doesn’t listen;  the  numbers  jump  about  so  and  the  little  hand  chases  the  big  hand just to tease it and o’clock isn’t an O at all and seconds aren’t a little something more to eat and everything gets so terribly muddled. A clock like this, though, is sure to behave itself.”But  the  friends  couldn’t  stay  to  learn  to  tell  the  time  because  the  next stop for the bus was Buckingham Palace.“Oh  Pooh,”  whispered  Piglet,  as  they  climbed  off  the  bus,  “isn’t  it grand.”And  it  certainly  was.  Behind  golden  gates,  windows  rose  up  in  every direction. Rows and rows of windows and above it all the Royal Standard flag waved proudly in the sky. “The  flag  means  that  The  Queen  is  at  home,”  announced  Christopher Robin who knew a great deal about Queens and such like because he had come to Buckingham Palace once before, many years ago.“Well, it’s all very well for some,” complained Eeyore. “I’ve never had  a  flag  myself.  But  then,  I’m  always  at  home.  One  boggy  place  is much like another and I don’t hold with all this packing up and ‘Farewell’ and ‘See you soon’ palaver.”At  that  moment  a  bugle  sounded.  Piglet  gave  a  startled  jump  and  then  continued  jumping  in  time  with  the  marching  band  to  show that it hadn’t been a startled jump at all. The Queen’s Guard marched past. They were splendid in their bright red uniforms, shiny buttons and tall furry hats.“What  do  you  think  they  keep  under  their  hats,  Pooh?”  asked  Piglet, a little out of breath after all his jumping.“Perhaps  a  little  something  to  nibble  on  ...  Just  a  smackerel  of  something ... sticky perhaps ... sweet certainly ...” Pooh’s voice faded off into a happy dream.But  all  at  once,  there  was  a  stirring  in  the  crowd  and  the  murmur  rose up, “It’s The Queen. The Queen is coming.”Pooh and Piglet squeezed their way to the front of the crowd.And  then  they  saw  a  sight  that  they  had  always  secretly  hoped  for  but  had  never  dared  imagine  might  really  happen.  The  Queen  herself  was  out  for  a  stroll  and  she  was  greeting  the  crowd  as  she  went. She was just as Queenly and smiley and wonderful as they had expected her to be. The  Queen  was  so  close  that  they  could  have  reached  out  and  touched  her  fine  coat.  Winnie-the-Pooh  knew  that  it  was  now  or  never. Boldly he stepped forward and recited his hum in the loudest, bravest  voice  he  could  manage  in  the  circumstances.  The  Queen  smiled warmly at them all.Behind  The  Queen  ran  a  little  boy.  He  was  much  younger  than  Christopher Robin and almost as bouncy as Tigger. He caught sight of  Piglet  and  the  balloon  and  he  jumped  up  and  down  in  delight.  The  little  boy  patted  Piglet  fondly  and  tickled  Winnie-the-Pooh’s  ears.  Piglet  handed  him  the  beautiful  balloon  and  he  giggled  and  skipped away with it.“Where’s  Eeyore?”  asked  Christopher  Robin  anxiously,  as  The  Queen walked on to greet other people in the crowd. With all the excitement  they  had  quite  forgotten  about  him  and  then  they  saw  him with his back to them, staring up at the palace.“I believe I saw The Queen at one of the windows,” he announced proudly.“But Eeyore ...” began Piglet, “The Queen just ...”“We  must  be  heading  home  now,”  interrupted  Christopher  Robin,  who  couldn’t  bear  to  disappoint  dear  old  Eeyore,  who  had  missed the whole thing.Later,   when   the   story   had   been   retold   over   and   over   again,   Winnie-the-Pooh   was   sure   that   The   Queen   had   said,   “How   charming.” But what was certain was that the hum had been shared and The Queen had gone. She was back behind the tall, golden gates of Buckingham Palace where no Bear could go.“Do you think The Queen liked my hum, Christopher Robin?” asked Pooh as they walked down The Mall.“Silly  Old  Bear,  I’m  sure  of  it,”  he  replied,  squeezing  his  paw  a  little tighter.“It  must  be  a  very  great  thing  to  be  ninety  years  old,”  mused  Pooh, pleased to be on his way back home, where a little smackerel of something was sure to be awaiting them.*****What  the  friends  didn’t  realise  was  that  Pooh  Bear  had  arrived  in  the  Forest  in  the  very  same  year  that  Princess  Elizabeth  was  born.  But time is a tricky thing; years begin by lazing along slowly and then suddenly,  up  they  jump  and  off  they  trot  as  quickly  as  ever  they  can.  To Winnie-the-Pooh, it felt like just yesterday that he had come bumping down  those  stairs.  Bump,  bump,  bump.  And  that  is  just  the  way  it  should be